README.md, before:

# Interferometry: python tools for visualization and analysis of interferometric data

Author: <em>Pavel Kliuiev</em>


Affiliation: <em>Quantum dynamics group<br />
Department of Applied Physics, Aalto University<br />
Tietotie 3, FI-02150 Espoo, Finland<br/> </em>

```BaseInterferometry``` class is the base class that provides functionality for analysis of interferometric data.
Current analysis tools:
* Fourier transform
* STFT
* Wigner-Ville transform

```Interferogram``` class is for experimental interferograms.
```Simulation``` class is for simulated interferograms.
Simulations include:
* Pulse profile
* Interferogram itself

## Requirements

The software was tested using the following versions of the packages:

* ddt=1.4.1
* matplotlib=3.4.2
* numpy=1.21.2
* pandas=1.3.2
* parse=1.19.0
* pillow=8.3.1
* python=3.9.6
* scipy=1.7.1
* seaborn=0.11.2

## License

GNU General Public License v3.0

## Documentation
   
For a user guide see [online documentation](https://github.com/pkliui/Interferometry/blob/master/Interferometry/docs/InterferogramAnalysis.md)

Commit message:

updated docs path in readme

README.md, after:

# Interferometry: python tools for visualization and analysis of interferometric data

Author: <em>Pavel Kliuiev</em>


Affiliation: <em>Quantum dynamics group<br />
Department of Applied Physics, Aalto University<br />
Tietotie 3, FI-02150 Espoo, Finland<br/> </em>

```BaseInterferometry``` class is the base class that provides functionality for analysis of interferometric data.
Current analysis tools:
* Fourier transform
* STFT
* Wigner-Ville transform

```Interferogram``` class is for experimental interferograms.
```Simulation``` class is for simulated interferograms.
Simulations include:
* Pulse profile
* Interferogram itself

## Requirements

The software was tested using the following versions of the packages:

* ddt=1.4.1
* matplotlib=3.4.2
* numpy=1.21.2
* pandas=1.3.2
* parse=1.19.0
* pillow=8.3.1
* python=3.9.6
* scipy=1.7.1
* seaborn=0.11.2

## License

GNU General Public License v3.0

## Documentation
   
For a user guide see the documentation under /Interferometry/docs/InterferogramAnalysis.ipynb
